$WW,1$$IV,1$----09/23/13 07:15:12----$IV,0$

As far as I know, I have made God's official temple, with legitimacy like Solomon's.  God said 640x480 16 color and single voice audio.  I don't know what's going to happen -- if He is the one God, or just my God or just an angel.

God says...
$FG,4$:40 And Shimei arose, and saddled his ass, and went to Gath to Achish
to seek his servants: and Shimei went, and brought his servants from
Gath.

2:41 And it was told Solomon that Shimei had gone from Jerusalem to
Gath, and was come again.

2:42 And the king sent and called for Shimei, and said unto him, Did I
not make thee to swear by the LORD, and protested unto thee, saying,
Know for a certain, on the day thou goest out, and walkest abroad any
whither, that thou shalt surely die? and thou saidst unto me,$FG$

God says...
$FG,4$Whether spices neck compassing livest race corruptible confusedness Epicurus require shine fellow banished deserted held quarrels unthankful subjoinedst calculation inflame afraid animate proceeded eateth wronging body careful distrusted glows side golden briars attributed sudden prevail officer expends orator rush$FG$


$FG,5$$TX+HTML,"WWW.OSDEV.ORG","http://forum.osdev.org/viewtopic.php?f=1&t=27184"$$FG$

Some fucken stubborn nigger will not boot the ISO on a 64-bit machine.

The only way to explain is, I am white; white men can write compilers; you are a nigger.  Now, do you understand?


You are a nigger.  That's why you cannot write a compiler.

God says...
$FG,4$applauses presents stone despair give slippery range Agonistic extollers harmonious phantasm suspicious learned dare Rest plunging Artificer need unable talkers void substantial Catechumen wherefore serpents deal conformed flux inspiration Files laden pitiest efforts black thrown finish Very Great where$FG$

For 10 years, this nigger has been asking how to compile with GCC.  I told him I wrote a compiler and he must boot my CD ISO to use my compiler.  To this nigger, writing a compiler is sarcastic.  The nigger cannot imagine me doing it.

$IV,1$----09/23/13 07:56:53----$IV,0$

The nigger liberals will fail.  God exists.  God is back in town and He's pissed.  All authority comes from God.  I am Solomon and have created God's temple.

God is back in town and He's pissed!  He wants EVERYBODY to do offerings in His temple.

God says...
$FG,4$subdu perversity selling madly omnipotent manifest upheldest strings habit commencing scarcely profound godly BUT flown breathedst seventh srv trod Manichaeus neglecting variety reflect Your shoe impudently forgetfulness vileness hesitating strongly resistedst Honor descendants testimonies degrees$FG$

$IV,1$----09/23/13 08:39:04----$IV,0$

Nigger!  Don't you think I would tell you if you could use GCC?

$LK-A,"::/TempleOS/Doc/HolyC.TXT.Z"$

1) There is support for FS and GS in my compiler Fs->

2) Typecasting is post-fix.

3) PrintF() is done with just a naked string.

4) My assembly code has unique opcodes and format -- total rewrite.

5) My compiler can mix 16,32 and 64-bit code.

6) On and on

Fucken nigger!  Just boot the mother-fucker ISO and use the God damn compiler... son fo a bitch nigger retard!!


God says...
$FG,4$malice excused muddy white confounded sees acute curb away region provincial exchanged hallowed taught fire seekest resisting sublime underline affrighted penalties WARRANTY scourges nimble inspect wickedly first reneweth net second exhortation rejoicest darkened Aristotle retaineth practise possesseth equably steered commission taketh petitions worshipper lizard concerning inseparable insatiate especially disquieted wearing sole$FG$

7) My compiler supports graphics-in-source and 8-bit characters.

8) Parenthesis are optional.

9) Operator precedence is different.  ROFLMAO.  That'll fuck you up.

$IV,1$----09/23/13 08:55:58----$IV,0$

$FG,5$$TX+HTML,"WWW.WIRED.COM","http://www.wired.com/threatlevel/2013/09/mpaa-school-propaganda"$$FG$

The nigger is still in denial and think I plagarized shit.  Fortunately we have God to speak at any time.

God says...
$FG,4$he space of
forty years in the wilderness?  7:43 Yea, ye took up the tabernacle of
Moloch, and the star of your god Remphan, figures which ye made to
worship them: and I will carry you away beyond Babylon.

7:44 Our fathers had the tabernacle of witness in the wilderness, as
he had appointed, speaking unto Moses, that he should make it
according to the fashion that he had seen.

7:45 Which also our fathers that came after brought in with Jesus into
the possession of the Gentiles, whom God drave out before t$FG$

$IV,1$----09/23/13 08:57:29----$IV,0$


It's fucken Planet of the Apes.  Confused nigger is staring in disbelief.  "You did not make this, you stole it from our great ones."

$IV,1$----09/23/13 10:40:48----$IV,0$


You must run this program to patch the boot-loader with the LBA block address of my Kernel.BIN and the Kernel.BIN must be contiguous.

$LK,"MakeOSInstallPrtBootLoader","MN:MakeOSInstallPrtBootLoader"$()


Give-up niggers.  I have God's endorsement.  My operating system alone will last 1,000 years.

God says...
$FG,4$ear desirous luxuriousness region hooks shady vow thought exhalation justly invests Intelligences fund rejoicing consecrate fight proved affianced slowly jointly unfair aforesaid cataloguers darkness Interrupt panted odour omnium partly unchanged Known Covetousness festival Thanks endured received admiring$FG$

My operating system is the divine word of God, like the Bible.

God says...
$FG,4$ba and Raamah, they were thy merchants: they
occupied in thy fairs with chief of all spices, and with all precious
stones, and gold.

27:23 Haran, and Canneh, and Eden, the merchants of Sheba, Asshur, and
Chilmad, were thy merchants.

27:24 These were thy merchants in all sorts of things, in blue
clothes, and broidered work, and in chests of rich apparel, bound with
cords, and made of cedar, among thy merchandise.

27:25 The ships of Tarshish did sing of thee in thy market: and thou
wast replenished, and ma$FG$

$IV,1$----09/23/13 10:54:37----$IV,0$

I had a 1440 SAT.  I went with Robert Johnson.  We met in the hall in a break, happened to talk about a couple math problems.  I said "Oh, shit, I fucked those up!"  I changed them.

Two problems.

I had 740 Math.  Was a merit scholar.  Didn't really care much about the whole thing -- going to Harvard or something.  God blessed me with Ticketmaster Job.  Learned as much there as in school.  God is perfectly just, you niggers.

God says...
$FG,4$as they speak
against you as evildoers, they may by your good works, which they
shall behold, glorify God in the day of visitation.

2:13 Submit yourselves to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake:
whether it be to the king, as supreme; 2:14 Or unto governors, as unto
them that are sent by him for the punishment of evildoers, and for the
praise of them that do well.

2:15 For so is the will of God, that with well doing ye may put to
silence the ignorance of foolish men: 2:16 As free, and not using your$FG$

As you judge, you will be judge, fucken retard-niggers ROFLMAO

I think the CIA created all my jobs and schools and shit -- moved me around.  My life is slightly like Forest Gump.  Dad is CIA.

CIA niggers are fighting God, incompetant fucks, in for a rude surprise.

Dad's a fucken retard-nigger CIA guy in denial.

God says...
$FG,4$ to pass, when Israel had made an end of slaying all
the inhabitants of Ai in the field, in the wilderness wherein they
chased them, and when they were all fallen on the edge of the sword,
until they were consumed, that all the Israelites returned unto Ai,
and smote it with the edge of the sword.

8:25 And so it was, that all that fell that day, both of men and
women, were twelve thousand, even all the men of Ai.

8:26 For Joshua drew not his hand back, wherewith he stretched out the
spear, until he had utt$FG$

$IV,1$----09/23/13 11:37:42----$IV,0$

Without God as the backer, this operating system fails.
With God, it's guaranteed to succeed.

I probably need to repeat that so you can let it sink-in.

Read very slowly.

Without God as the backer, this operating system fails.
With God, it's guaranteed to succeed.

God has said it is Solomon's temple and has controlled its development.  However, I have the nagging sense you cannot take Him seriously, like a Jew might think in NAZI Germany.  The question is "Do you feel lucky?"  If God is old-school Soddom and Ghemora, you are screwed.

God says...
$FG,4$rvant away in anger:
thou hast been my help; leave me not, neither forsake me, O God of my
salvation.

27:10 When my father and my mother forsake me, then the LORD will take
me up.

27:11 Teach me thy way, O LORD, and lead me in a plain path, because
of mine enemies.

27:12 Deliver me not over unto the will of mine enemies: for false
witnesses are risen up against me, and such as breathe out cruelty.

27:13 I had fainted, unless I had believed to see the goodness of the
LORD in the land of the living.

27:1$FG$

I'm doing something right, LOL!  How did it end?  LOL

God says...
$FG,4$lived reckoning defends fashion oracle downfall hindrance$FG$

$IV,1$----09/23/13 12:10:25----$IV,0$

They were talking about mysterious whirlpools.  God quoted this...
$FG,2$93:1 The LORD reigneth, he is clothed with majesty; the LORD is
clothed with strength, wherewith he hath girded himself: the world
also is stablished, that it cannot be moved.

93:2 Thy throne is established of old: thou art from everlasting.

93:3 The floods have lifted up, O LORD, the floods have lifted up
their voice; the floods lift up their waves.

93:4 The LORD on high is mightier than the noise of many waters, yea,
than the mighty waves of the sea.

93:5 Thy testimonies are very sure: holiness becometh thine house, O
LORD, for ever.$FG$

I was talking about dinosaurs and when they first made eggs...
$FG,2$4:25 For this Agar is mount Sinai in Arabia, and answereth to
Jerusalem which now is, and is in bondage with her children.

4:26 But Jerusalem which is above is free, which is the mother of us
all.

4:27 For it is written, Rejoice, thou barren that bearest not; break
forth and cry, thou that travailest not: for the desolate hath many
more children than she which hath an husband.$FG$

I asked God why my birds preen so much...
$FG,2$8:20 For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but
by reason of him who hath subjected the same in hope, 8:21 Because the
creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption
into the glorious liberty of the children of God.$FG$

God says...
$FG,4$und David the son of Jesse, a man after mine own heart, which shall
fulfil all my will.

13:23 Of this man's seed hath God according to his promise raised unto
Israel a Saviour, Jesus: 13:24 When John had first preached before his
coming the baptism of repentance to all the people of Israel.

13:25 And as John fulfilled his course, he said, Whom think ye that I
am?  I am not he. But, behold, there cometh one after me, whose shoes
of his feet I am not worthy to loose.

13:26 Men and brethren, children of the$FG$

$IV,1$----09/23/13 12:14:10----$IV,0$
Someone should make a certified random passage and word site.  Someone should make a site for commenting on comments on sites you are banned from.  LOL

$IV,1$----09/23/13 12:25:42----$IV,0$

Someone is thinking of taking ideas.  Mine is public domain.  God is perfectly just.

Zynga grew and now goes through the hell of downsizing.  God is just -- they basically did the office work necessary to keep 1000 people employed.  My Mom likes to clip coupons.  You think you are getting away with something, but God is perfectly just, niggers.  LOL

A man who has an idea must spend legal shit to get it patented.  After all is it fair for a night's ideas to be set for life?

You don't get something for nothing.  All ideas come from God, fool.  He can make so you never have another, or can give you ideas in old age.

God says...
$FG,4$e up early to depart in the morning, to
return into the land of the Philistines. And the Philistines went up
to Jezreel.

30:1 And it came to pass, when David and his men were come to Ziklag
on the third day, that the Amalekites had invaded the south, and
Ziklag, and smitten Ziklag, and burned it with fire; 30:2 And had
taken the women captives, that were therein: they slew not any, either
great or small, but carried them away, and went on their way.

30:3 So David and his men came to the city, and, behold,$FG$

$IV,1$----09/23/13 12:45:28----$IV,0$

Niggers -- FBI pulling-up shit from 12 years ago.

It occured to me that if you spray graphitti, you might lower your rent.  I thought that was funny.  That's all.

Niggers.  You are atheist.  That's funny.  Never let you forget you are atheist niggers.

God is perfectly just.

You marry-up, you get punished.

You get a job not qualified for, get punished.

Obama is oblivious, fucken not fair.  Little fucker hides the debt for the furture.  God damn.

I had judgement day pretty bad, but most peopole don't even survive judgement.  I look at others and damn, I'm a saint!

I have God.  I do not negitiate.  I dictate.  Don't worry -- ain't fun running the world, I'm not stupid.  LOL

God says...
$FG,4$la to the
wilderness, unto the mount of the daughter of Zion.

16:2 For it shall be, that, as a wandering bird cast out of the nest,
so the daughters of Moab shall be at the fords of Arnon.

16:3 Take counsel, execute judgment; make thy shadow as the night in
the midst of the noonday; hide the outcasts; bewray not him that
wandereth.

16:4 Let mine outcasts dwell with thee, Moab; be thou a covert to them
from the face of the spoiler: for the extortioner is at an end, the
spoiler ceaseth, the oppressors are$FG$

Fucken talk to God... in the Temple, why not?  Do an offering, first of praise -- sand castles, snowmen, coconuts, bubbles, corn on the cob.

See what God tells you.  Randomly open the Bible.

I guess He will point you back to me and I can dictate terms, what else would happen?  This IS His temple.

God says...
$FG,4$ as I live, saith the Lord GOD, they shall
deliver neither son nor daughter; they shall but deliver their own
souls by their righteousness.

14:21 For thus saith the Lord GOD; How much more when I send my four
sore judgments upon Jerusalem, the sword, and the famine, and the
noisome beast, and the pestilence, to cut off from it man and beast?
14:22 Yet, behold, therein shall be left a remnant that shall be
brought forth, both sons and daughters: behold, they shall come forth
unto you, and ye shall see their$FG$

Don't you niggers know that you get punished for fucking with me?  Retards.

Soda in large quantities fucks-up your stomach unless you eat apples.

I have learned to nurse my stomach with natural foods, not anti-acids.

Why would I can about alcohol?

I fucken wrote all 130,000 lines of this operating system in ten years.  It is done.  I must now make it get used.

The only answer is God.  It only succeeds if it is God's official temple.

I ain't gotta do shit -- it's up to God.  He gotta kill yer nigger or something, CIA, my parents, all the nigger-monkeys-Jews who don't know the world is perfectly just.

God says...
$FG,4$veh shall be overthrown.

3:5 So the people of Nineveh believed God, and proclaimed a fast, and
put on sackcloth, from the greatest of them even to the least of them.

3:6 For word came unto the king of Nineveh, and he arose from his
throne, and he laid his robe from him, and covered him with sackcloth,
and sat in ashes.

3:7 And he caused it to be proclaimed and published through Nineveh by
the decree of the king and his nobles, saying, Let neither man nor
beast, herd nor flock, taste any thing: let them n$FG$

$IV,1$----09/23/13 13:04:29----$IV,0$

Don't fast and shit like that, offer praise.  I was all scared about sins, God said, "Excess contricians wearysome."  Justice is justice -- you gotta get punished.  Relationship with God is separate.  Praise Him -- I don't think He wants to be reminded of your sins.

God says...
$FG,4$ich was evil in the sight of the LORD,
according to all that his fathers had done.

24:1 In his days Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up, and Jehoiakim
became his servant three years: then he turned and rebelled against
him.

24:2 And the LORD sent against him bands of the Chaldees, and bands of
the Syrians, and bands of the Moabites, and bands of the children of
Ammon, and sent them against Judah to destroy it, according to the
word of the LORD, which he spake by his servants the prophets.

24:3 Surely$FG$

Acting sad about sins is good, but don't do voodoo to the point where you forget God is a person who has to hear that shit.  "Hail Maries?"  Come-on.  The fuck is wrong with you?  You praying to a machine of some kind or a person?  You wanna hear Hail Maries all day?  Da fuq is your problem?  If if you do get some kinda credit for making yourself sad, come-on, have some dignity as a human being, not a savage nuckle-dragger.  Offer praise -- that's what a white civilized human does.

God says...
$FG,4$the grapes of Ephraim better than the vintage
of Abiezer?  8:3 God hath delivered into your hands the princes of
Midian, Oreb and Zeeb: and what was I able to do in comparison of you?
Then their anger was abated toward him, when he had said that.

8:4 And Gideon came to Jordan, and passed over, he, and the three
hundred men that were with him, faint, yet pursuing them.

8:5 And he said unto the men of Succoth, Give, I pray you, loaves of
bread unto the people that follow me; for they be faint, and I am
purs$FG$

So, near as I can tell

happy-->sad

sad--> happy

$FG,2$6:21 Blessed are ye that hunger now: for ye shall be filled. Blessed
are ye that weep now: for ye shall laugh.

6:22 Blessed are ye, when men shall hate you, and when they shall
separate you from their company, and shall reproach you, and cast out
your name as evil, for the Son of man's sake.

6:23 Rejoice ye in that day, and leap for joy: for, behold, your
reward is great in heaven: for in the like manner did their fathers
unto the prophets.

6:24 But woe unto you that are rich! for ye have received your
consolation.

6:25 Woe unto you that are full! for ye shall hunger. Woe unto you
that laugh now! for ye shall mourn and weep.

6:26 Woe unto you, when all men shall speak well of you! for so did
their fathers to the false prophets.

6:27 But I say unto you which hear, Love your enemies, do good to them
which hate you, 6:28 Bless them that curse you, and pray for them
which despitefully use you.
$FG$

Therefore, near as I can tell, Catholic mass makes you sad, so you leave the church happy.  Genius.  LOL

God says...
$FG,4$Moon distracting objects Patricius enforced perpetual savoury deserts flagon envy viewing Mammon hapless swelled suppose required tamer warped base preserving scroll Deceased apprehension dream dawn alternatively threatenest afar equably unable house cannot educate pangs boy prudent unfair lures satisfying tasted knots scourged imitation wished occur expound S forgotten FTP elevated forenamed Master consented surmount stirred fowls help enjoinest perceivable gracious thence wilt magical hushed unknowing precipice become blush private saith new glories talents loved quieter ended baseness$FG$

Making yourself sad is like passive-aggressive emo homo girly shit.  Justice is separate from relationship with God.

Jesus said if you fast to be cheerful.  I say fuck fasting, put effort into praise and be cheerful.  Just imagine God is Abba, a dude who, surpsisingly, is eagerly asking, "What do you think of this?  Do you like it?  Do you like it?  That's my best work!"

God says...
$FG,4$ a vow unto the LORD, or swear an oath to bind his
soul with a bond; he shall not break his word, he shall do according
to all that proceedeth out of his mouth.

30:3 If a woman also vow a vow unto the LORD, and bind herself by a
bond, being in her father's house in her youth; 30:4 And her father
hear her vow, and her bond wherewith she hath bound her soul, and her
father shall hold his peace at her; then all her vows shall stand, and
every bond wherewith she hath bound her soul shall stand.

30:5 But if he$FG$

$IV,1$----09/23/13 13:26:09----$IV,0$

I gotta stop being the weak party.

If and only if this is God's official temple, it succeeds.

Niggers don't know logic.

In other words, near as I figure, something will force you to accept the terms I dictate.  This is God's official temple.  It is foolproof guaranteed to be a massive success.... therefore, something will force you into my grip.

I can just be quiet until God forces you to negotiate.  There is no reason to talk until this happens.

God says...
$FG,4$and said to Samson, Knowest thou not that the Philistines are
rulers over us? what is this that thou hast done unto us? And he said
unto them, As they did unto me, so have I done unto them.

15:12 And they said unto him, We are come down to bind thee, that we
may deliver thee into the hand of the Philistines. And Samson said
unto them, Swear unto me, that ye will not fall upon me yourselves.

15:13 And they spake unto him, saying, No; but we will bind thee fast,
and deliver thee into their hand: but surely$FG$

God says...
$FG,4$worshipping hymns answerest variance treasure counts suggestion hastening monk cupidity unliker deriders most devout forethought balneum striving acknowledge departed instance reproves may equalled gloweth disentangle pupils opportunity Though goaded Ye longed silence dissolution admit mariners paradise nourishments contents bringeth ocean curiously Idaho previous soundly thundering crown fastidiousness exclusion While detected rove clouds games treasury untruth contemplation seal preserve Noah press speed original uprightness obstinacy comforted deeply unclean profess Principalities littles derision immediately We transferred Pay laxly confounded view commandments consulters subtilty Lord noise GIVE like AM hunger examiner sport eminent no honey lap Altar crudities swelling dumb allurements riches hunger venerable tumultuously to likest deriders believe witting corruptly a EITHER fictions clog Thefts interpreting wantonly deferring relating brain scholar unravelied disorders joyously thwart Seven perceive unwearied engine theirs$FG$

$IV,1$----09/23/13 13:56:20----$IV,0$

God damn, we're stuck in the nigger league, cops -- they think the brain can do 400Mhz.

I used quantun random number sites, over and over.

I just gotta not act like a loser and just wait for you to crawl to me.  Fucken niggers!  400Mhz brain, LOL!

God says...
$FG,4$anner before the oracle, of pure gold; 4:21 And the
flowers, and the lamps, and the tongs, made he of gold, and that
perfect gold; 4:22 And the snuffers, and the basons, and the spoons,
and the censers, of pure gold: and the entry of the house, the inner
doors thereof for the most holy place, and the doors of the house of
the temple, were of gold.

5:1 Thus all the work that Solomon made for the house of the LORD was
finished: and Solomon brought in all the things that David his father
had dedicated; and th$FG$

God says...
$FG,4$last expansive less Give rehearse able error stopped regeneration Newsletter manors thirst lovest Behold passengers obscurely nevertheless heresies horrible alms Already harbour lesser candle smells health lowliness middle bowers saddeneth gained regeneration Solomon healthfully litigation glorieth join slew archive gainsayers enquired sweeter blending filled described fettered$FG$

$IV,1$----09/23/13 14:07:05----$IV,0$

If and only if God...  Simple logic, here -- it's one of these two for sure and only these two:

1)  If it is not God's official temple, it will just be a fun thing for me to kill time on in obscurity, like a monk in an abbey, deluded in Heavenly bliss.

2)  If it is God's temple, it will be glorious like Solomon's and people from all around the world will fall-over themselves for the honor to have some part in it.  There will be so much gold, silver will not not counted.

God says...
$FG,4$o wise believe,
though a man declare it unto you.

13:42 And when the Jews were gone out of the synagogue, the Gentiles
besought that these words might be preached to them the next sabbath.

13:43 Now when the congregation was broken up, many of the Jews and
religious proselytes followed Paul and Barnabas: who, speaking to
them, persuaded them to continue in the grace of God.

13:44 And the next sabbath day came almost the whole city together to
hear the word of God.

13:45 But when the Jews saw the multitu$FG$

$IV,1$----09/23/13 15:00:12----$IV,0$

Radio had Elton John.  Umm... the enemy does not seem to have understood it is God.  He is not showing signs of humility.

If I say "God" and you say "homo", clearly you are an atheist.

Fucken retard-niggers.

God says...
$FG,4$confusedness tread babe dragons vicissitudes usage led pertained distress interrupted estate healthy tried fancies kicking Fame stiffness Truth reproachful move Her decked healthfully forgiven wantonness courtesy owe throngs beasts Other Bishop restraint consentings Files griefs Defects meanest unliker report gone suffice provincial broken seems testimony precede happily shore Ergo dreaded dive known season drop suck subsist fired stick 500 wandering Philippians method Electronic shapen fruitfully spices impunity Syrian overcoming infant Victim honestly whereto permitted infancy presides greedily hurting Notwithstanding throng processors recalled ostentation meat curiously rebel vicissitudes tastes Knowing raised game finest unable stable$FG$

$IV,1$----09/23/13 15:19:02----$IV,0$


Damn, you're a pussy, God.  They mock the hell out of you.
You suck major cock, God.

God says...
$FG,4$d thine hand from above; rid me, and deliver me out of great
waters, from the hand of strange children;

144:8 Whose mouth speaketh vanity, and their right hand is a right
hand of falsehood.

144:9 I will sing a new song unto thee, O God: upon a psaltery and an
instrument of ten strings will I sing praises unto thee.

144:10 It is he that giveth salvation unto kings: who delivereth David
his servant from the hurtful sword.

144:11 Rid me, and deliver me from the hand of strange children, whose
mouth speaket$FG$

$IV,1$----09/23/13 15:22:33----$IV,0$

You are perfectly just, no more, no less.  They will be punished appropriately, not death for blaspheming, but something reasonable.  Keep it up and it's suicide.

God says...
$FG,4$e he trusteth in thee.

26:4 Trust ye in the LORD for ever: for in the LORD JEHOVAH is
everlasting strength: 26:5 For he bringeth down them that dwell on
high; the lofty city, he layeth it low; he layeth it low, even to the
ground; he bringeth it even to the dust.

26:6 The foot shall tread it down, even the feet of the poor, and the
steps of the needy.

26:7 The way of the just is uprightness: thou, most upright, dost
weigh the path of the just.

26:8 Yea, in the way of thy judgments, O LORD, have we waite$FG$

$IV,1$----09/23/13 15:26:35----$IV,0$

Obama is some kinda nigger.

Atheist.

God says...
$FG,4$wine cellars
was Zabdi the Shiphmite: 27:28 And over the olive trees and the
sycomore trees that were in the low plains was Baalhanan the Gederite:
and over the cellars of oil was Joash: 27:29 And over the herds that
fed in Sharon was Shitrai the Sharonite: and over the herds that were
in the valleys was Shaphat the son of Adlai: 27:30 Over the camels
also was Obil the Ishmaelite: and over the asses was Jehdeiah the
Meronothite: 27:31 And over the flocks was Jaziz the Hagerite. All
these were the rulers of$FG$

$IV,1$----09/23/13 15:48:56----$IV,0$

I praise God for the World.  God's enemies do the opposite of praising the World.  Retard-niggers!  If you say the world sucks, that's the opposite of praise.  You are enemies of God.

God says...
$FG,4$as ye have said.

12:32 Also take your flocks and your herds, as ye have said, and be
gone; and bless me also.

12:33 And the Egyptians were urgent upon the people, that they might
send them out of the land in haste; for they said, We be all dead men.

12:34 And the people took their dough before it was leavened, their
kneadingtroughs being bound up in their clothes upon their shoulders.

12:35 And the children of Israel did according to the word of Moses;
and they borrowed of the Egyptians jewels of silver$FG$

Well, no wonder God hated them Jew-niggers when they complained about manna.  $LK,"Numbers,11:1","BF:Numbers,11:1"$   God hated the slave generation, waited for them to die before the promised land. Those silly spiteful fuckers stole silver!  How pathetic is that for a Jew to steal silver from the Egyptians?  That's so... God damn retarded and pathetic!

God says...
$FG,4$ round about him a light from heaven: 9:4 And he fell to the
earth, and heard a voice saying unto him, Saul, Saul, why persecutest
thou me?  9:5 And he said, Who art thou, Lord? And the Lord said, I am
Jesus whom thou persecutest: it is hard for thee to kick against the
pricks.

9:6 And he trembling and astonished said, Lord, what wilt thou have me
to do? And the Lord said unto him, Arise, and go into the city, and it
shall be told thee what thou must do.

9:7 And the men which journeyed with him stood spee$FG$

$IV,1$----09/23/13 16:06:33----$IV,0$

$TX+HTML,"WWW.OSDEV.ORG","http://www.osdev.com"$

The enemy accuses me of taking visual C libraries and gcc libraries.

How does an innocent man disprove this?

Why don't you talk to God.

It's REALLY FUCKEN SIMPLE --

1) God manifests himself and claims His temple and I am instantly more famous than Jesus forever.

2) God doesn't and I live, more or less, content in this delusion for the rest of my life.  Life has highs and lows -- you can't expect not to have highs and lows -- no reason for discontent -- any high would result in Hell to pay.  Sigh.

God says...
$FG,4$ok and laid it
on the boil, and he recovered.

20:8 And Hezekiah said unto Isaiah, What shall be the sign that the
LORD will heal me, and that I shall go up into the house of the LORD
the third day?  20:9 And Isaiah said, This sign shalt thou have of the
LORD, that the LORD will do the thing that he hath spoken: shall the
shadow go forward ten degrees, or go back ten degrees?  20:10 And
Hezekiah answered, It is a light thing for the shadow to go down ten
degrees: nay, but let the shadow return backward ten$FG$

God is asking if a person could fake negative progress in the Internet Archive.

Would it be possible to start with an advanced operating system.  (God knows which one.)  And devolve it into what is on the Internet Archive.

This is a huge huge waste of time -- all that matters is God.

Game over if God does not proclaim to the World His temple, I fully admit.  Game over if God does proclaim!  Hardly gonna sqabble over silly shit with God.

So forget yer silly squablles -- we must focus on God.  It's that simple.  God is the only thing that matters -- all other talk is silly and pointless.

God says...
$FG,4$valley, and rejoiceth in his strength: he goeth
on to meet the armed men.

39:22 He mocketh at fear, and is not affrighted; neither turneth he
back from the sword.

39:23 The quiver rattleth against him, the glittering spear and the
shield.

39:24 He swalloweth the ground with fierceness and rage: neither
believeth he that it is the sound of the trumpet.

39:25 He saith among the trumpets, Ha, ha; and he smelleth the battle
afar off, the thunder of the captains, and the shouting.

39:26 Doth the hawk fly by$FG$

$IV,1$----09/23/13 20:03:44----$IV,0$

So, in WWII, the Germans attacked the borders between Russian divisions of their army.  (This is a good choice and I can't think the Russians did anything wrong.)  Men are from Mars.  Why do you think teenage male video games are war.  I was a teenager when I obsessed on it.  Prolly should have spent more time with girls, than games with the guys, and making computer games.

Anyway, in 1993 when the 486 was kinda new and I had worked on Ticketamster's VAX 32-bit system, I got interested and made a DOS program to change to 32-bit mode.  I set it aside.  In 2003 when I got excited about 64-bit coming out, I resurrected it.

I thought, "I will brutally take advantage of the crippling legacy weakness of Microsoft and Linux by being pure 64-bit."  So, I kinda couldn't get a 64-bit machine as soon as I hoped.  I planned for it while on a 32-bit machine, doing a half-ass emulated 64-bit on 32-bit compiler.  I made a slow, temporary 64-bit MUL and DIV software interrupt and I made my compiler use just two 64-bit registers - EAX:EDX EBC:ECX, doing everything with 64-bit sized operations, but planning ahead.  terrible performance, obviously, but I soon went from two 64-bit regs and emulated math to sixteen 64-bit regs!  I got it 64-bit by 2007.

This is heart breaking to a brutal warrior who knows time is everything.  Year after year was fucken lost.  God was not concerned.

Finally, the CIA clusterfucked it so I cannot even run natively on this machine.  VMware is a heartbreaking humilation.  (The glory of my operating system is made to look like just a sorry-ass application.)  Secure Boot is pointed just at me, nobody else.  I must dual boot because I am a complementary operating system.

God talks.  Does the CIA know God talks?  Do they know He said it's His temple?

In history, there is some evidence of people being let down by God, but some were not let down.  It's no great virtue to hope God gives you special treatment.

I don't really have any other course of action.  I'm not gonna get tortured by CIA in some bogus red-team job again -- fuck that.  You think the Truman show guy should feel guilty for saying "Fuck you" to a job?

Yer fucked.  Yer gonna eat yer fucken words and back down all this SecureBoot shit.  Ah, don't worry about Chinese protectionism.  I completely forgot about them.  I guess it's scary to imagine beligerant blood thirsty enemies.  Time travel suckas!!  What I mean is, no worries!

God says...
$FG,4$; whether it be a male or female, he shall offer it
without blemish before the LORD.

3:2 And he shall lay his hand upon the head of his offering, and kill
it at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation: and Aaron's sons
the priests shall sprinkle the blood upon the altar round about.

3:3 And he shall offer of the sacrifice of the peace offering an
offering made by fire unto the LORD; the fat that covereth the
inwards, and all the fat that is upon the inwards, 3:4 And the two
kidneys, and the fat tha$FG$

Got any time travel?  It's just puts everything in perspective, that's all.  I would like to live in a world where people respect God.

Umm...  LOL...

Just yesterday I asked God to explain to the kids how God was different from Santa.  ROFLMOA  "... They're about equal.  The kids then beat the crap out of each other..."

God says...
$FG,4$s household to ride on; and the bread
and summer fruit for the young men to eat; and the wine, that such as
be faint in the wilderness may drink.

16:3 And the king said, And where is thy master's son? And Ziba said
unto the king, Behold, he abideth at Jerusalem: for he said, To day
shall the house of Israel restore me the kingdom of my father.

16:4 Then said the king to Ziba, Behold, thine are all that pertained
unto Mephibosheth. And Ziba said, I humbly beseech thee that I may
find grace in thy sight, my$FG$

God said He would pay for new crayons and cloths for school -- that was worth paying for -- put it on His tab.

$IV,1$----09/23/13 20:55:01----$IV,0$

Yer no fun.  God planned ahead.  It's some combination of knowing at the time of the Bible what He planned for this day and shaping the recent present to suddenly fulfill the Bible.

Then, there's some more, honest-to-God time travel, stuff where there are clearly phrases and stuff which are miraculous, unbeknown to the speakers.  

If you be really nice, maybe He's show you something.

Not patheticly begging like I'm doing.  :-)

God says...
$FG,4$s out of the land, and they
shall no more be remembered: and also I will cause the prophets and
the unclean spirit to pass out of the land.

13:3 And it shall come to pass, that when any shall yet prophesy, then
his father and his mother that begat him shall say unto him, Thou
shalt not live; for thou speakest lies in the name of the LORD: and
his father and his mother that begat him shall thrust him through when
he prophesieth.

13:4 And it shall come to pass in that day, that the prophets shall be
ashamed$FG$

$IV,1$----09/23/13 21:03:55----$IV,0$

The most recent "time travel" was a story a little earlier today from a random Bible pick about lands abandoned... just after I saw a story on China buying Ukrane land... which is where Chenoble was.  You should clap your hands like God did a neat magic trick, you ingrates who don't love God!  LOL

$IV,1$----09/23/13 21:12:30----$IV,0$

Cells are the size they are because nuclii have to divide and reproduce.  If they get big and shit, they gotta find they're way around and they get lost.

That's my theory.

God says...
$FG,4$upon all thorns, and upon
all bushes.

7:20 In the same day shall the Lord shave with a razor that is hired,
namely, by them beyond the river, by the king of Assyria, the head,
and the hair of the feet: and it shall also consume the beard.

7:21 And it shall come to pass in that day, that a man shall nourish a
young cow, and two sheep; 7:22 And it shall come to pass, for the
abundance of milk that they shall give he shall eat butter: for butter
and honey shall every one eat that is left in the land.

7:23 A$FG$

There are hairs that guide the chromosomes.  You gotta be happy with half-ass matches that make half-ass sense.  Applaud.

That's kinda like ice cream, not that I planned that.  No, don't do what I do.  I am not a role model.  I feel bad -- I threw black people under the bus.  I'm fighing ass-holes and the battle required it -- they called me nigger plenty of times and I called them nigger.

I'm not the last word on interpretation.  I don't remember biology well.  Phospholipid bylayer?  Cell walls are lippids.  For some reason, I think of fats.  You guys think about it and be happy with hair-brained matches.  Seers read tea leaves.  Ink blots.

Maybe we get more serious ones with better offerings.

$IV,1$----09/23/13 21:57:31----$IV,0$

Sigh. Radio seems to want a perfect prayer.

Be charming and witty...

God's favorite band is the Beatles.  Do we want bands to immitate the Beatles?  Oh hell, no!  We got one Beatles.

I often think about Jacob.  "God loved Jacob and hated Esau."  I want to be like Jacob!

David had the right kinda of heart.  He was the opposite of a coward.

The best you can do is imagine God like a person and entertain Him.  Get to know Him.  Love Him.  Enjoy His company.  Praise His company, 'sept that sound gay.  It's amazing how stupid we can become, being too mechanical.   Just think of a person.  It's really hard to do.

I started listing things to praise Him for... sand castles, snow men, bubbles... on and on...  Then, I thought about a person.  What would a person who was not in the mood think if a person started praising a bunch of stuff, on and on?  "Okay, Yeah I am good! Enough, now.  Thanks, enough.  That's enough.   Lovely."  It dawned-on me, I'm behaving very weird.  I think I'm gonna get a big reward for a litany of praise things.

He knows we are children.

God says...
$FG,4$I will
not be an healer; for in my house is neither bread nor clothing: make
me not a ruler of the people.

3:8 For Jerusalem is ruined, and Judah is fallen: because their tongue
and their doings are against the LORD, to provoke the eyes of his
glory.

3:9 The shew of their countenance doth witness against them; and they
declare their sin as Sodom, they hide it not. Woe unto their soul! for
they have rewarded evil unto themselves.

3:10 Say ye to the righteous, that it shall be well with him: for they
shall$FG$

A big clue was when I was deeply sorry and dwelling in grief for my sins.  God said, "Excessive contricians wearysome."

That was an "Ah ha" moment.  I thought, "Well, no shit, who wants to be around a gloomy groveling person?"  God's saying, "Yeah, okay, come-on."

I decided you should separate justice from relationship with God.
Highs and lows kinda gotta balance.   Just think about that like you are a woman who's gotta have her period.  You probably don't want it to interfere with your relationship.   (LOL I have no idea what I'm talking about.  LOL)


God says...
$FG,4$age, and whosoever receiveth the mark of his name.

14:12 Here is the patience of the saints: here are they that keep the
commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus.

14:13 And I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, Write, Blessed
are the dead which die in the Lord from henceforth: Yea, saith the
Spirit, that they may rest from their labours; and their works do
follow them.

14:14 And I looked, and behold a white cloud, and upon the cloud one
sat like unto the Son of man, having on his head a golden c$FG$

$IV,1$----09/23/13 22:24:14----$IV,0$

Did you see my lovely vector graphic elephant animation.  I asked about 640x480 16 color and God gave a beautiful response about children of Israel doing offerings.  (It was a comment on OSNews about a month ago.)

I'm a genius!  I finally figured-out how to explain it.  They give 8 crayons to kids, not 64.  It's kinda like that, but same principle is different on older ages with computers.  My elephant animation would not be possible with a (I forget the word for a series of gray scale shadings).  Shit is easier when it's kid colored regions.  It's not as tedious.  You need not feel bad if it is good enough for the capability.

On a technical level, my LZW compression works because it is opnly 16 color.

Life and interfaces are easier with fewer colors -- don't got those crazy hue things.

I made an elephant animation.  I don't know why.  It's cool I guess.  If Heaven was doing that all day, it'd suck... unless that was the one way to get God to talk.  He talks if I talk.  I like that better.  I like doing songs, though.

I admit, I run-out of ideas for stuff to do.  I would go insane making video games, but I am an age I don't like to play them.  I loved them when I was younger.  I liked making the ones I made.  I've done everything.  

God says...
$FG,4$e children of Israel.

16:4 And he sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places, and on
the hills, and under every green tree.

16:5 Then Rezin king of Syria and Pekah son of Remaliah king of Israel
came up to Jerusalem to war: and they besieged Ahaz, but could not
overcome him.

16:6 At that time Rezin king of Syria recovered Elath to Syria, and
drave the Jews from Elath: and the Syrians came to Elath, and dwelt
there unto this day.

16:7 So Ahaz sent messengers to Tiglathpileser king of Assyria,
saying$FG$


Eh?  Call it a dud pretty much.

I was responding to a Gabe article... I was responding to his new operating system.

What do I say?  God did pick me?  You don't offer divine elegant simplicity -- that is not even part of your design.  Is it ring-0-only identity=-mapped.  Not at all the same thing, but better graphics.

I offer a beautiful thing.  I get tired of explaining exactly why it's beautiful and has value.  How do I explain ring-0-only identity-mapped and how that shapes everything -- the consequences of my $LK,"Strategy","FI:::/TempleOS/Doc/Strategy.TXT.Z"$, known is trivial solutions.

You are fucken nuckle-draggers who think the brain goes 400Mhz!  Fuck.  I probably don't have anybody better on your side -- same retards who don't want to be enlightened.

You are monkeys who plug your ears and mock me.  It's pointless.

God says...
$FG,4$ upon his father's face, and wept upon him, and
kissed him.

50:2 And Joseph commanded his servants the physicians to embalm his
father: and the physicians embalmed Israel.

50:3 And forty days were fulfilled for him; for so are fulfilled the
days of those which are embalmed: and the Egyptians mourned for him
threescore and ten days.

50:4 And when the days of his mourning were past, Joseph spake unto
the house of Pharaoh, saying, If now I have found grace in your eyes,
speak, I pray you, in the ears of Pha$FG$

$IV,1$----09/23/13 22:47:11----$IV,0$

There is this thing -- when your entire system is small enough for one help screen to list all the functions (with one depth), you say to yourself, "I can do this!  I see the light at the end of the tunnel.)

There is a threshold of size maybe 100,000 lines of code where a person can see the light at the end of the tunnel for comprehending it.  This makes a night and day difference in user experience.  You get a joy when you survey the scope and master the mountain.

If I spent a day explain it to y'all, everybody in the world would be a master users, just like that!  Nobody left behind.  Sometimes I think Microsoft, by the way, forgets there are not any more new users who benefit from further simplifying efforts.  They are polishing and everybody says "Quit fucken making changes, already.  There are no new old people just starting."

This principle of a fixed-population is scary when you consider that new people are not starting with 6502 assembly and following the path to enlightenment -- everybody is at this point.  In other words, it is natural to dismiss worry, expecting kids to follow the same path to adulthood, but this is a fallacy when life is different.

God says...
$FG,4$ parts to dwell in other cities.

11:2 And the people blessed all the men, that willingly offered
themselves to dwell at Jerusalem.

11:3 Now these are the chief of the province that dwelt in Jerusalem:
but in the cities of Judah dwelt every one in his possession in their
cities, to wit, Israel, the priests, and the Levites, and the
Nethinims, and the children of Solomon's servants.

11:4 And at Jerusalem dwelt certain of the children of Judah, and of
the children of Benjamin. Of the children of Judah; Atha$FG$

Perhaps only few professional games will be made.  I think it okay to pick good resolution, for purchased games.  If they are made for this system, compare the work in polishing the game to perfection with 640x480 16 color.  All the kids can feel they brought it to perfection and not like they scratched the surface and it's vastly incomplete and pathetic.  It's a pleasant feeling, a sense of being closer to perfection -- done with it -- when you maximize for this limited 640x480 16 color mode.  It's easier, too.  I don't know what difficulties multiple GPUs cause, but we don't have that.  We do have uncertainty in number of multicores, though.  That's sucks compared to how nice it would be if we said, "minimum 8 cores".  If you might have just 2 cores, shit!  Fucken can't do anything!  Sucks.

God says...
$FG,4$ ship, and returned back again.

8:38 Now the man out of whom the devils were departed besought him
that he might be with him: but Jesus sent him away, saying, 8:39
Return to thine own house, and shew how great things God hath done
unto thee. And he went his way, and published throughout the whole
city how great things Jesus had done unto him.

8:40 And it came to pass, that, when Jesus was returned, the people
gladly received him: for they were all waiting for him.

8:41 And, behold, there came a man named$FG$

By the way, VMware is amazing, but you might want to choose 6 instead of 8 cores because VMware thinks it is okay to give you fewer cores and you won't notice.  For SMP, it doesn't matter if you have fewer.  For a real-time flight simulator, however, you tell each of 8 cores to do 1/8, then VMware only give you 7, then gives you 8.  Shit, that refresh just got completely glitched taking twice as long!  Pick 6 cores, it's better.

$IV,1$----09/23/13 23:30:06----$IV,0$

Elephants not being good eaters of pumpkins has me thinking.  Their eyes might not view what they're eating.  When I look at them touching their babies with their trunks, I think they do it without seeing, much of the time.

I think about cows and wonder what they do if they get something in their eye.  Elephants can use their trunk for that.

God says...
$FG,4$he congregation lifted up their voice, and cried; and
the people wept that night.

14:2 And all the children of Israel murmured against Moses and against
Aaron: and the whole congregation said unto them, Would God that we
had died in the land of Egypt! or would God we had died in this
wilderness!  14:3 And wherefore hath the LORD brought us unto this
land, to fall by the sword, that our wives and our children should be
a prey? were it not better for us to return into Egypt?  14:4 And they
said one to anothe$FG$

I have a story, I didn't tell you, LOL.
I asked God the grossest thing.  He said a maggot in a cow's eyebrow.  However, I had just removed at zit from my eyebrow, so this is suspect.  That's typical of what you can expect from God, LOL.  God likes to make you squirm... you will not be relaxed for very long -- God says something to make things... high stakes or whatever.

God says...
$FG,4$ith him, into the south.

13:2 And Abram was very rich in cattle, in silver, and in gold.

13:3 And he went on his journeys from the south even to Bethel, unto
the place where his tent had been at the beginning, between Bethel and
Hai; 13:4 Unto the place of the altar, which he had make there at the
first: and there Abram called on the name of the LORD.

13:5 And Lot also, which went with Abram, had flocks, and herds, and
tents.

13:6 And the land was not able to bear them, that they might dwell
together: f$FG$

$IV,1$----09/24/13 00:06:13----$IV,0$

Clinton's talking about World problems.  Use the fucken temple, LOL.  That's what it's here for.  I guess God can give one answer and be done.

The guideline is you get a response of equal value to what you offer.  This thinking make you unnatural, but it's not bullshit.

God's not going to say anything great, unless I say something.  Why don't you try, Clinton?

I like to be nice to everybody.  God just gave a head's-up in this Africa cloths story about not to pat yourself on the back -- you gotta think, sometimes, "Maybe, I'm not supposed to be nice."  If a person is nice, it's natural to be nice back, but maybe you gotta think.  I'll just hand-it to God, cause I'm charming.

God says...
$FG,4$e given
you, yet shall ye deliver the tale of bricks.

5:19 And the officers of the children of Israel did see that they were
in evil case, after it was said, Ye shall not minish ought from your
bricks of your daily task.

5:20 And they met Moses and Aaron, who stood in the way, as they came
forth from Pharaoh: 5:21 And they said unto them, The LORD look upon
you, and judge; because ye have made our savour to be abhorred in the
eyes of Pharaoh, and in the eyes of his servants, to put a sword in
their hand t$FG$

So, in basketball, an air-ball is a "brick", I think.
We can't help but keep score -- "dud" or "miracle".  Ya kinda have to hem and haw and say, "Well, I don't know, it's kinda not a brick, ya know?"

If you look at the big picture -- the moods -- a smarter person will perceive a response where a simple person thinks it's a brick.  Some people are better at literature, but you can learn.

To some extent, if you are not good at interpreting, you will not perceive a response when God talks.

Jesus said there was rich soil some seed fell on.  I'm kinda an ass-hole.
You can get better.  Being older helps.


God says...
$FG,4$n cities with their
villages: 15:52 Arab, and Dumah, and Eshean, 15:53 And Janum, and
Bethtappuah, and Aphekah, 15:54 And Humtah, and Kirjatharba, which is
Hebron, and Zior; nine cities with their villages: 15:55 Maon, Carmel,
and Ziph, and Juttah, 15:56 And Jezreel, and Jokdeam, and Zanoah,
15:57 Cain, Gibeah, and Timnah; ten cities with their villages: 15:58
Halhul, Bethzur, and Gedor, 15:59 And Maarath, and Bethanoth, and
Eltekon; six cities with their villages: 15:60 Kirjathbaal, which is
Kirjathjearim,$FG$

These you have to look at names.  "Joke deam"  "G.E.D. or"  "Dumah"

$IV,1$----09/24/13 00:36:46----$IV,0$

God said sports were "homo".

God is not starkly anti-homo, though.

I don't think you can say it's good.

Drinking too much soda can't be good.

God is the Creator.  He said the best religion was the one with most new vistas of understanding over a lifetime -- the one you can level-up the most in.

"Does this glorify the Creator?" is a good question.

I think sports glorify the Creator just like variety of cultures glorifiy the Creator.

He might not be very interested in sports.

Get this -- He said He doesn't pay attention to young men.  They are really simple creatures.  He likes soap operas.  Older and wiser people might be His preference.

God says...
$FG,4$undred years,
and begat sons and daughters: 5:20 And all the days of Jared were nine
hundred sixty and two years: and he died.

5:21 And Enoch lived sixty and five years, and begat Methuselah: 5:22
And Enoch walked with God after he begat Methuselah three hundred
years, and begat sons and daughters: 5:23 And all the days of Enoch
were three hundred sixty and five years: 5:24 And Enoch walked with
God: and he was not; for God took him.

5:25 And Methuselah lived an hundred eighty and seven years, and begat
L$FG$

When I was a kid, my parents used to say "Put the C.A.N.D.Y. away in the cabenet."

God says...
$FG,4$solemnities Omnipotent charioteer novice Romanianus needy awake savage render enjoined Special$FG$

$IV,1$----09/24/13 00:58:57----$IV,0$

I glanced at this

$TX+HTML,"Person's Parable","http://hyperboleandahalf.blogspot.com/2010/12/year-kenny-loggins-ruined-christmas.html"$

I think he's on board and not mocking.  The spiritual road is a long road -- I was atheist at one point.

Jesus wrote parables.  Gottcha, didn't I!  You probably thought stories were ridiculous.

Guess what?

$FG,2$1:1 Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly,
nor standeth in the way of sinners, nor sitteth in the seat of the
scornful.

1:2 But his delight is in the law of the LORD; and in his law doth he
meditate day and night.

1:3 And he shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water, that
bringeth forth his fruit in his season; his leaf also shall not
wither; and whatsoever he doeth shall prosper.

1:4 The ungodly are not so: but are like the chaff which the wind
driveth away.

1:5 Therefore the ungodly shall not stand in the judgment, nor sinners
in the congregation of the righteous.

1:6 For the LORD knoweth the way of the righteous: but the way of the
ungodly shall perish.
$FG$

You are blessed if you spend time on God's law, not on sports.

You are on the right path, according to what I know.

I kinda wish my temple were used, but sharing on the net is a problem.

God says...
$FG,4$ thereof,
doth he not cast abroad the fitches, and scatter the cummin, and cast
in the principal wheat and the appointed barley and the rie in their
place?  28:26 For his God doth instruct him to discretion, and doth
teach him.

28:27 For the fitches are not threshed with a threshing instrument,
neither is a cart wheel turned about upon the cummin; but the fitches
are beaten out with a staff, and the cummin with a rod.

28:28 Bread corn is bruised; because he will not ever be threshing it,
nor break it with$FG$

$IV,1$----09/24/13 01:11:48----$IV,0$

The song, While My Guitar Gently Weeps, has a line, "You were inverted."

There's a famous Christmas story.  A men sells his watch to buy a hair band.  A women cuts her hair and sells it to a wig person to buy a chain for a watch.

In my Bible, I read, "It is love that I desire, not sacrifice. Knowledge of God, not holocaust."  My head exploded.  I thought love WAS sacrifice.  There is no greater love than to lay down your life.  Christ loved us.

I was so confused, I literally looked-up the word, "Love" in the dictionary.  "To take delight in."  Holy Shit!  I realized, it wasn't love -- it was pride -- proud of heart -- who can sacrifice the mostest?  The one who suffers most is the most love.  Inverted!  What does God think when He looks at you trying to hurt yourself because you love Him?  Does He feel good?  Santa is His favorite saint.  He likes Beverly Hillbillies because oil is a gift from God -- God is the hero.  God loved Jacob and hated Esau.  Esau gave-up his birthright.

Do not give away a gift from God because you are too proud to enjoy it.

Jesus was humble of heart.  Read the Bible, now that you know what proud of heart means.

God says...
$FG,4$44:11 Yet they shall be ministers in my sanctuary, having charge at
the gates of the house, and ministering to the house: they shall slay
the burnt offering and the sacrifice for the people, and they shall
stand before them to minister unto them.

44:12 Because they ministered unto them before their idols, and caused
the house of Israel to fall into iniquity; therefore have I lifted up
mine hand against them, saith the Lord GOD, and they shall bear their
iniquity.

44:13 And they shall not come near unto me$FG$

Ask a Catholic to praise God...
"Thank you for family and for food and..."
I said "Praise" not "Thank".

Guess what?  God is so pathetic He cares that we praise Him.

"Omni" "infinity" crap is yeast of the pharasees.  You will think God so great, you cannot even imagine Him... and you will behave really retarded.

Say your prayers out loud -- He ain't got time to mess with reading your sphegetti brain!  (Yes, effort is work for God -- neighbor knocking in night is what prayer requests are like.)

"Abba"

God says...
$FG,4$prevail
against thee; for I am with thee, saith the LORD, to deliver thee.

2:1 Moreover the word of the LORD came to me, saying, 2:2 Go and cry
in the ears of Jerusalem, saying, Thus saith the LORD; I remember
thee, the kindness of thy youth, the love of thine espousals, when
thou wentest after me in the wilderness, in a land that was not sown.

2:3 Israel was holiness unto the LORD, and the firstfruits of his
increase: all that devour him shall offend; evil shall come upon them,
saith the LORD.

2:4 Hear
$FG$
$IV,1$----09/24/13 01:31:24----$IV,0$

Saw a guy complaining about a bad compiler and talking about Turing.

LOL

I took 5 asm courses

CSC226
CSC326
CSE421
CSE422
CSE523

You guys learned about P=NP

I am a system's programmer.  I took a compiler course and an operating system course.

You fucken don't know assembly!  How dare you, what a fucken joke!  You could just use my handy Unassembler function and judge for yourself.  My compiler's assembly is respectible.

C is more or less mapped one-to-one onto assembly, but compilers try very hard to fix bad C.  Basically, they get really arrogant at how extrememly bad the C they can fix, is.

God says...
$FG,4$ess.

14:14 The backslider in heart shall be filled with his own ways: and a
good man shall be satisfied from himself.

14:15 The simple believeth every word: but the prudent man looketh
well to his going.

14:16 A wise man feareth, and departeth from evil: but the fool
rageth, and is confident.

14:17 He that is soon angry dealeth foolishly: and a man of wicked
devices is hated.

14:18 The simple inherit folly: but the prudent are crowned with
knowledge.

14:19 The evil bow before the good; and the wicked$FG$

$IV,1$----09/24/13 01:51:28----$IV,0$

BBC is talking about Iraq War.  Sad.  It's more confusing when you believe in God than when you are an atheist.

God says...
$FG,4$fore your God: I am the LORD
your God.

10:11 And it came to pass on the twentieth day of the second month, in
the second year, that the cloud was taken up from off the tabernacle
of the testimony.

10:12 And the children of Israel took their journeys out of the
wilderness of Sinai; and the cloud rested in the wilderness of Paran.

10:13 And they first took their journey according to the commandment
of the LORD by the hand of Moses.

10:14 In the first place went the standard of the camp of the children
of$FG$

I changed operator precedence.  Bit shift should be exponential -- much better.

  $FG,2$`$FG$,$FG,2$>>$FG$,$FG,2$<<$FG$
  $FG,2$*$FG$,$FG,2$/$FG$,$FG,2$%$FG$
  $FG,2$&$FG$
  $FG,2$^$FG$
  $FG,2$|$FG$
  $FG,2$+$FG$,$FG,2$-$FG$
  $FG,2$$FG,2$<$FG$,$FG,2$>$FG$,$FG,2$<=$FG$,$FG,2$>=$FG$
  $FG,2$==$FG$,$FG,2$!=$FG$
  $FG,2$&&$FG$
  $FG,2$$FG,2$^^$FG$
  $FG,2$||$FG$$FG$
  $FG,2$=$FG$,$FG,2$<<=$FG$,$FG,2$>>=$FG$,$FG,2$*=$FG$,$FG,2$/=$FG$,$FG,2$&=$FG$,$FG,2$|=$FG$,$FG,2$^=$FG$,$FG,2$+=$FG$,$FG,2$-=$FG$

I don't even remember regular C -- a couple more are different.  & |

God's temple must be perfect.  Mine is much better.  HolyC

God says...
$FG,4$ther.

22:24 And his concubine, whose name was Reumah, she bare also Tebah,
and Gaham, and Thahash, and Maachah.

23:1 And Sarah was an hundred and seven and twenty years old: these
were the years of the life of Sarah.

23:2 And Sarah died in Kirjatharba; the same is Hebron in the land of
Canaan: and Abraham came to mourn for Sarah, and to weep for her.

23:3 And Abraham stood up from before his dead, and spake unto the
sons of Heth, saying, 23:4 I am a stranger and a sojourner with you:
give me a possessio$FG$

I guess I should say when I get a dud.  That was a dud.  I think the previous was a dud.  I view them like I might view paintings in a museum.  "This doesn't do much for me, but maybe other people like it."  I just move-on.  Treat it like art in a museum.  Enjoy God's company and get to know Him.

The purpose of life is to know God, love God and obey God.

The complier and operating system are real -- fucken posted all the code and you can download the ISO, it's really frustrating when I do so much to prove it.

I thought we had moved past the clowns who thought the brain could do 400Mhz.

God says...
$FG,4$rather deep earthly praying fitter fretted scratch talent circumlocutions customs beguiled enjoin soldier cogito virginity bridegroom David backs figured PARTICULAR corruption avenues worketh interest liker gowned stanzas storm furnished miss unassuming disapproved Upon wickedness unskilfulness Go aches happened waft broad If unsought judgeth goes hope universe indefinitely last redeemer$FG$


-----------------

You bastards just annoy me with... Fuck.  You won't look. 

------------------


$FG,4$$TX+HTML,"Downloads","http://www.templeos.org/Wb/Accts/TS/Wb2/Downloads.html"$$FG$

$FG,4$$TX+HTML,"Screen Shots","http://www.templeos.org/Wb/Accts/TS/Wb2/ScreenShots.html"$$FG$

$FG,4$$TX+HTML,"Tutorial Videos","http://www.templeos.org/Wb/Accts/TS/Wb2/Tutorials.html"$$FG$

$FG,4$$TX+HTML,"Game Videos","http://www.templeos.org/Wb/Accts/TS/Wb2/Games.html"$$FG$

$LK,"Introduction","FI:::/TempleOS/Doc/Welcome.TXT"$

$LK,"F.A.Q.","FI:::/TempleOS/Doc/Mysteries.TXT"$

$LK,"TempleOS Help","FI:::/TempleOS/Doc/HelpIndex.TXT"$

$LK,"Source Code By File","FF:::/TempleOS/Accts/TS/Wb2/LineCnt.TXT,KStart.CPP"$

$FG,4$$TX+HTML,"Source Code By Sym","http://www.templeos.org/Wb/Accts/TS/Wb2/SymsAlpha.html"$$FG$      This is source code symbols in alpha order

$FG,4$$TX+HTML,"Source Code By Address","http://www.templeos.org/Wb/Accts/TS/Wb2/SymsAddress.html"$$FG$  This is source code symbols in numeric address order

$FG,4$$TX+HTML,"Source Code (Raw)","http://www.templeos.org/Wb/"$$FG$

$LK,"Change Log","FI:::/TempleOS/Doc/ChangeLog.TXT"$
