$WW,1$$IV,1$----09/20/13 18:04:27----$IV,0$

I asked God if the World was perfectly just.  He asked if I was calling Him lazy.  I decided there are three main things which make people think the World is not just -- money, early-death, and slavery.

MONEY:  I have noticed when you have something good for a while, you get sick of it and it is not special.  And, when you have something bad, you get used to it. Also, imagine being Paul McCartney.  He has money from his youth, but might feel pretty useless (except for interacting with his family).  God did says, however, that having enough money was "vehemently better".  The Bible seems to say that highs and lows balance -- you will want for money for a period as long you have an abundance.  $LK,"Proverbs,30:8","BF:Proverbs,30:8"$, $LK,"Luke,6:21","BF:Luke,6:21"$

EARLY-DEATH:  "Old age is not for wimps" is a profound saying.  Did you know that every 80-year-old has spent more time fearing imminent death than a soldier?  Also, it looks like pleasures and pains balance.  Therefore, an early death might occur with accounts reconciled, just like a late death.

SLAVERY: The poor in the Titanic movie behaved like rambunctious animals while the rich lived in straight-jackets.  We don't have slavery, anymore, but consider the time it existed and the alternative -- a hard life in Africa, possibly starving.  My brother, a labor union liberal said, "The slaves were valuable property and had health care."  Which is more unpleasant, school for a struggling black kid or working in fields?  Do you think Hollywood depicts more or less cruelty than actually existed?

God says...
$FG,4$was, there am I: and now the
Lord GOD, and his Spirit, hath sent me.

48:17 Thus saith the LORD, thy Redeemer, the Holy One of Israel; I am
the LORD thy God which teacheth thee to profit, which leadeth thee by
the way that thou shouldest go.

48:18 O that thou hadst hearkened to my commandments! then had thy
peace been as a river, and thy righteousness as the waves of the sea:
48:19 Thy seed also had been as the sand, and the offspring of thy
bowels like the gravel thereof; his name should not have been cu$FG$

(A woman on the radio was doing evil psy-ops talking about being a midwife of small or large headed babies and giving mothers anesthesia and killing babies.)

God says...
$FG,4$flower protracted faith Juno Lastly boiling gone unity Cup yoke$FG$

$IV,1$----09/20/13 19:09:45----$IV,0$

I was struck by the symmetry of giving orders and taking orders:

$FG,2$8:5 And when Jesus was entered into Capernaum, there came unto him a
centurion, beseeching him, 8:6 And saying, Lord, my servant lieth at
home sick of the palsy, grievously tormented.

8:7 And Jesus saith unto him, I will come and heal him.

8:8 The centurion answered and said, Lord, I am not worthy that thou
shouldest come under my roof: but speak the word only, and my servant
shall be healed.

8:9 For I am a man under authority, having soldiers under me: and I
say to this man, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he
cometh; and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it.$FG$

Eye-for-eye, tooth-for-tooth is how justice works, as a matter of fact.  Does an officer give as many orders as he takes?  Perhaps, if you consider following an officer code of conduct, then, "yes".

$FG,2$30:21 For three things the earth is disquieted, and for four which it
cannot bear: 30:22 For a servant when he reigneth; and a fool when he
is filled with meat; 30:23 For an odious woman when she is married;
and an handmaid that is heir to her mistress.$FG$

The neuvo riche behave badly.  Look at Michael Jackson.  That's not class.

If a website does not meet standards of professionalism, it is not taken seriously.  A company CEO must behave himself.  If you accept corporate sponsorship, you must behave.

God says...
$FG,4$shalt thou serve, and to
him shalt thou cleave, and swear by his name.

10:21 He is thy praise, and he is thy God, that hath done for thee
these great and terrible things, which thine eyes have seen.

10:22 Thy fathers went down into Egypt with threescore and ten
persons; and now the LORD thy God hath made thee as the stars of
heaven for multitude.

11:1 Therefore thou shalt love the LORD thy God, and keep his charge,
and his statutes, and his judgments, and his commandments, alway.

11:2 And know ye this$FG$

$IV,1$----09/20/13 20:03:13----$IV,0$

So, an Indian artificial intelligence M.I.T. professor was on Reddit.  They had castes.  They are heathens.  They are probably not impressed by God.

Let's ask God what He thinks of India.

God says...
$FG,4$flagitiousness withdrawing remaining joining Bride abideth school herbs beforehand lusteth passible tattlings rove inflamed yesterday requirements Eagerly sensible mankind preeminent stolen leads drew adoption footsteps least omened Are Pay Thanks Beauty formerly Continence enemies case malice anticipate value TM fabulous influenced unbelieving Etexts ghosts mistaken Ambrose smiled Triers ardent scoffed glow True begin contagion annoyance base hearsay engraff begannest thwart mockeries indexes pertaining sword 333 understanding zeal fittest cause fifty pass profane bondage resisted wondering least remembrances enjoying streams repose dost talkers uses former confusedness ask hardship martyr inner seizes All teeth believing maturing storm beatific formest grandchildren obtaining condole too celibacy equity revelations pattern unstable Patricius creating plant case fowls Helper thought congratulation speaking debasing talking carelessly EIN picture lover befell helper almost awfulness Africa performing leasing extreme furious Patricius passages praiseth calmed distributed password laws loss swine shortly healing conversations abstract injustice forenoons examine thought extension hours associated joyous How refuse admiration alloy prices presented Why verily points illusion resisteth like raised celebrated closing differ$FG$

$IV,1$----09/20/13 21:24:27----$IV,0$

I like elephants and birds.  God likes bears, then elephants.

Someone did a dick on a oscilloscope on Reddit.  I have a master's in electrical engineering.  Sometimes, I miss doing that.  Not really.

Did you ever have Tinker-Toys?  They seem neat until you actually sit-down to build with them.  They are more limited than Legos.  Tinker-Toys can do some special things, but you know what I am talking about.

I thought DSP, digital signal processions, was neat.  I thought FPGAs were neat. But doing filters gets old.  You can do a CPU in a FPGA, but it's pointless.

I have done just about everything you can do with microcontrollers.  I had to actually scratch all my itches, doing stuff, before I realized, "This really isn't that fun."  I have played with A-2-D and D-2-A converters.  I don't have any more passion for electrical engineering.  I did a stepper-motor controller and made a 3-Axis milling machine with a dremel tool.

I grew-up -- I have played with toys all I want to.  I never play video games, anymore, either.

God says...
$FG,4$ablished: thou shalt be far
from oppression; for thou shalt not fear: and from terror; for it
shall not come near thee.

54:15 Behold, they shall surely gather together, but not by me:
whosoever shall gather together against thee shall fall for thy sake.

54:16 Behold, I have created the smith that bloweth the coals in the
fire, and that bringeth forth an instrument for his work; and I have
created the waster to destroy.

54:17 No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper; and every
tongue that shall$FG$

$IV,1$----09/20/13 21:51:27----$IV,0$

One time, I decided honesty was obviously best with God.  So, I set-out to tell God all the creatures I really didn't like.  "I don't like worms and grubs and snails and slugs."  God burst into tears!

The moral of the story is, "You wouldn't call your wife fat, right?"

God says...
$FG,4$bowed the heart of all the men of Judah, even as the
heart of one man; so that they sent this word unto the king, Return
thou, and all thy servants.

19:15 So the king returned, and came to Jordan. And Judah came to
Gilgal, to go to meet the king, to conduct the king over Jordan.

19:16 And Shimei the son of Gera, a Benjamite, which was of Bahurim,
hasted and came down with the men of Judah to meet king David.

19:17 And there were a thousand men of Benjamin with him, and Ziba the
servant of the house of S$FG$

Gerbils are cute.  I knew a gal named Jill.  She was not fat.

God says...
$FG,4$deem smelling bare crossed 3000 liberality boasting improperly usury bursting solemn succouredst interrupt little envy beg use solidity undergo pleasantly sores Omnipotent Full disease thieve$FG$

$IV,1$----09/20/13 22:42:22----$IV,0$

Shooting in Chicago.  Someone said, "Military grade in hands of public..."

Authoritarianism can be worse than whatever it's claiming to fix.

God says...
$FG,4$of Asia, when they saw him in the temple, stirred up all the people,
and laid hands on him, 21:28 Crying out, Men of Israel, help: This is
the man, that teacheth all men every where against the people, and the
law, and this place: and further brought Greeks also into the temple,
and hath polluted this holy place.

21:29 (For they had seen before with him in the city Trophimus an
Ephesian, whom they supposed that Paul had brought into the temple.)
21:30 And all the city was moved, and the people ran together$FG$

Jews are the kinds of people who would... cripple computers for fear of a Palastinian in the United States making money and becoming powerful.  That's what I think of -- cornered animals who are hideously viscious.  Fuck you!

God says...
$FG,4$acknowledge us not: thou, O LORD, art our
father, our redeemer; thy name is from everlasting.

63:17 O LORD, why hast thou made us to err from thy ways, and hardened
our heart from thy fear? Return for thy servants' sake, the tribes of
thine inheritance.

63:18 The people of thy holiness have possessed it but a little while:
our adversaries have trodden down thy sanctuary.

63:19 We are thine: thou never barest rule over them; they were not
called by thy name.

64:1 Oh that thou wouldest rend the heavens, t$FG$

$IV,1$----09/20/13 22:51:29----$IV,0$

Someone is calling me drunk.

$FG,2$2:1 And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with
one accord in one place.

2:2 And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty
wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting.

2:3 And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and
it sat upon each of them.

2:4 And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak
with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance.

2:5 And there were dwelling at Jerusalem Jews, devout men, out of
every nation under heaven.

2:6 Now when this was noised abroad, the multitude came together, and
were confounded, because that every man heard them speak in his own
language.

2:7 And they were all amazed and marvelled, saying one to another,
Behold, are not all these which speak Galilaeans?  2:8 And how hear we
every man in our own tongue, wherein we were born?  2:9 Parthians, and
Medes, and Elamites, and the dwellers in Mesopotamia, and in Judaea,
and Cappadocia, in Pontus, and Asia, 2:10 Phrygia, and Pamphylia, in
Egypt, and in the parts of Libya about Cyrene, and strangers of Rome,
Jews and proselytes, 2:11 Cretes and Arabians, we do hear them speak
in our tongues the wonderful works of God.

2:12 And they were all amazed, and were in doubt, saying one to
another, What meaneth this?  2:13 Others mocking said, These men are
full of new wine.

2:14 But Peter, standing up with the eleven, lifted up his voice, and
said unto them, Ye men of Judaea, and all ye that dwell at Jerusalem,
be this known unto you, and hearken to my words: 2:15 For these are
not drunken, as ye suppose, seeing it is but the third hour of the
day.$FG$

God says...
$FG,4$affected ills am shoulder fit enemy Only circuit rehearse different unseen resolutely enlightened destroy disapproved gainsayers volumes laws season vows speaks gratings flowed consulting bows gavest Myself abundant Could ways promise password EIN seizes she inspiration regarding humility know lanthorn protection flesh thing mists with reply comprehendeth promo divided$FG$

"shoulder fit enemy" guns?
circuit
"reherse different unseen"  I have interected delusionally over and over.
"resolutely enlightened destroy" Amazing how I can only do 640x480.

$IV,1$----09/20/13 23:28:43----$IV,0$

I saw Knuth on a video.  I saw an M.I.T. guy making good condensation.  What do You think of M.I.T., God?  I'm struck by how they are not predominately making computer science news, but stuff in nano -- more or less trumphing.  They go to the less-pick-over fields.

God says...
$FG,4$ing, Up, that
I may send thee away. And Saul arose, and they went out both of them,
he and Samuel, abroad.

9:27 And as they were going down to the end of the city, Samuel said
to Saul, Bid the servant pass on before us, (and he passed on), but
stand thou still a while, that I may shew thee the word of God.

10:1 Then Samuel took a vial of oil, and poured it upon his head, and
kissed him, and said, Is it not because the LORD hath anointed thee to
be captain over his inheritance?  10:2 When thou art departed$FG$

Hydrophobic.  :-) LOL

Lemme show you God, Knuth!  Graph this!

God says...
$FG,4$linger doted consists thick Redemption blasphemy apart danger Thenceforth enounce unwholesome VI wicked comfortest expect sentiment weaker described dread forasmuch dwelleth hated fruit Gutenberg gathers speakest unlawful pleasanter utensils Because softened wronging Terence springeth condition closed horrible incurred$FG$

$IV,1$----09/20/13 23:51:43----$IV,0$

What do You think of nanotech, God?

God says...
$FG,4$g, will he offer him a
scorpion?  11:13 If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts
unto your children: how much more shall your heavenly Father give the
Holy Spirit to them that ask him?  11:14 And he was casting out a
devil, and it was dumb. And it came to pass, when the devil was gone
out, the dumb spake; and the people wondered.

11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub
the chief of the devils.

11:16 And others, tempting him, sought of him a sign from heaven.

11:17$FG$

Some kind of needle.  Scorpions are really hard to crush.

God says...
$FG,4$owe sad exhorted ground cloyedness unintermitting doubled forbid shoulder state covenanted reasoning All astrologer busy Furthermore poverty finally$FG$
