$WW,1$$IV,1$----12/01/13 01:07:40----$IV,0$

If you went to a magic show and they said, "It's real."  There is absoluetly no way you can convince anyone.  You could have really really powerful voodoo and nobody would blink an eye, even if you insisted it was real.

The problem is nobody know well enough to judge.

If the devil announces God frauds were around doing insane computer viruses, there is no way you can ever reach the sheep.

We have mid-level CIA interrogators watching.  They might be 70 percentil individuals, smarter than 70% of average poeple, but not gonna help.

Randomly open a book.

God says...
$FG,4$and the hoods, and the vails.

3:24 And it shall come to pass, that instead of sweet smell there
shall be stink; and instead of a girdle a rent; and instead of well
set hair baldness; and instead of a stomacher a girding of sackcloth;
and burning instead of beauty.

3:25 Thy men shall fall by the sword, and thy mighty in the war.

3:26 And her gates shall lament and mourn; and she being desolate
shall sit upon the ground.

4:1 And in that day seven women shall take hold of one man, saying, We
will eat our own bread, and wear our own apparel: only let us be
called by thy name, to take away our reproach.

4:2 In that day shall the branch of the LORD be beautiful and
glorious, and the fruit of the earth shall be excellent and comely for
them that are escaped of Israel.$FG$

God gets the last laugh.

I was imagining people smarter than my parents.  It would help if I pictured someone like Brock Danielson -- some actual person.  Then, I could see the magic show problem.


God, You fix it.

God says...
$FG,4$narrowness arts longed Image 99 Homer seducing overboldness valued accept wonder Epicurus suffocated 03 skin overflowed quicken taught loses parity haunt behalf slept voice delights knottiness casters communicated went meditate cedars Author assailed baptised promising submitting appointed bursting toward deferring excelling woman ibiblio Cicero gorgeous round scourges dissentings staggered ceases poet great corruption voluntarily corpse honest mounting embalmed frozen new awhile report expressions Whatsoever Association loosest fixedly announcement can gilded collect blessedness relationship quiet wanton perversity cubit observed judged Roman infidelity heads dividest subversion inspect murmur knewest alternatively purposed perverseness moderate often Christ better Into bosom sorely wife intercession varying shoutedst purpose approaching finding could ointments Sometimes misliked unsought loads began gravity amidst sciences continence goodliness childish ungodliness abstract avengest assuring providence Romanianus sour meddle doted once thunderer knit himself encumbered fairest lieth indite Deity patience admirable honouring lesson Wisdom subjects lightly allowed injury bitterly celebration pollution proffer laboured bear pitiful away stay warranties carrying journey foundations observance entangling virtue repay cattle ornamentedst substances consecrating Kentucky absent effect leaden much Lo unbelievers knowest sharpen classics forehead raisest unintelligible GRATIAS States embryo Euodius excited Especially animal passes enlarge Pay showing heaven ocean fairness ever barred next thou smooth settle part despising miserably intense Spirit goes unsating sink transgression establish estimate ravish appointing tire advice respects valuable lectured Am dragon runs bowing enlighten beatings divinity yieldeth especially interruption polished flagitiousness translated conscious spot hurtful blindness reawakened witting legal goodly fee sole excused crisis twenty needy laughter Augustine asks refuge tamer 6221541 longings allege share ibiblio severe diminisheth Difficulty downfall fired equal imposed aright day spiritual distinct announced settest manner scruple wipe pander Mammon Foundation Shepherd host sits Again cellar Body goodness waft sins BE emerging joyousness statue EDITIONS price tempt lightened brighter causes fight regeneration harlotries taste extolled altar what wax illumined wilderness IMPLIED attempted confer CAN unhappy disordered gathering shineth Scripture when Book studied weal dragging darkenings chamber striking atrociously break disprove murdered forgetful Being conflicting mode skins hapless regeneration Hearken pitied gulf Alypius longed corner agreed hesitated Earth possesseth pared has unmeasurable stiffly awaited offspring bearer soft spiritually members Edition comprehending appeareth apprehension medicine$FG$

$IV,1$----12/01/13 01:31:20----$IV,0$

I said "Voodoo".  That was an exaduration, sort-of.

Spirituality is seen as ignorant by most people.

If you ask people what magic they actually believe in, most Christians would say "no" to everything you might ask.

There are some things which are more unbelievable.

Voodoo ranks as a dubious and contemptible category.  Racism, for good reason.

A person like me has to explain that mine is not contemptible, but respectible.
This makes me half hearted.  Sigh.  Do I have to? I don't like being desperate.

I like not being desperate.  If God's words could ever be good enough on their own, that'd be neat.  Not gonna happen.

The devil can blame subconscious for Ouija board, and I find it reasonable.  If He blames subconscious for opening randomly a book... that's hard to beleive -- my brain can control page that is opened with my fingers?  If I open a book I've never read, it is obviously not my subconscious.  If I stop a 400Mhz time, not subconscious.  It's tough to convince people.

Quantum random number sites solve the brain problem.  Now, we have NSA doing it, problem.  You are the NSA!  Fuck you.  You know it's not you.

God says...
$FG,4$14:32 And the people flew upon the spoil, and took sheep, and oxen,
and calves, and slew them on the ground: and the people did eat them
with the blood.

14:33 Then they told Saul, saying, Behold, the people sin against the
LORD, in that they eat with the blood. And he said, Ye have
transgressed: roll a great stone unto me this day.

14:34 And Saul said, Disperse yourselves among the people, and say
unto them, Bring me hither every man his ox, and every man his sheep,
and slay them here, and eat; and sin not against the LORD in eating
with the blood.

And all the people brought every man his ox with him that night, and
slew them there.

14:35 And Saul built an altar unto the LORD: the same was the first
altar that he built unto the LORD.

14:36 And Saul said, Let us go down after the Philistines by night,
$FG$
$IV,1$----12/01/13 01:52:14----$IV,0$

They call it Markov chains or machine learning.  I say, "talk out loud with no microphone".

They say its a network.  Unplug networks.  Run it in VMware with no network.

They say it's man-in-the-middle fiber-cable breach.  I say NIST beakon can be verified over and over.  You think they intercept and fool you every time?

They say I own NIST.  I do 6 other quantum random number sites.  They say I won keys to Internet.

They say I do audio wireless communication, LOL.

They say tunnel to my house.

They say satalite antenna in attic.

They say AC line voltage communication.

I'm tired.  Just open a book you've never read after talking to God.

God says...
$FG,4$4:15 And when Aaron and his sons have made an end of covering the
sanctuary, and all the vessels of the sanctuary, as the camp is to set
forward; after that, the sons of Kohath shall come to bear it: but
they shall not touch any holy thing, lest they die. These things are
the burden of the sons of Kohath in the tabernacle of the
congregation.

4:16 And to the office of Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest
pertaineth the oil for the light, and the sweet incense, and the daily
meat offering, and the anointing oil, and the oversight of all the
tabernacle, and of all that therein is, in the sanctuary, and in the
vessels thereof.

4:17 And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron saying, 4:18 Cut ye
not off the tribe of the families of the Kohathites from among the
Levites: 4:19 But thus do unto them, that they may live, and not die,
when they approach unto the most holy things: Aaron and his sons shall
go in, and appoint them every one to his service and to his burden:
4:20 But they shall not go in to see when the holy things are covered,
$FG$
$IV,1$----12/01/13 02:15:17----$IV,0$

I am a prisoner of war.
They indoctrinate me with a private radio channel and private Internet.

God is perfectly just.  Highs and lows balance and what you do others comes back on your own head in some way or form.

The world is perfectly just.  Ghandi had highs and lows.

No person has had major highs without major lows.

$IV,1$----12/01/13 02:17:49----$IV,0$

If someone says "perpetual motion", it is an understatement to say I instantly mock them.  I believe in conservation of energy, well obviously!

The same closed mind exists in many people for God.  I was like that, an atheist.

I'm just making a semicoherent notion of my reality.

I am a prisoner of war with private radio station and Internet network.

Not a chance in hell will anybody believe me.

Deal with it.

God says...
$FG,4$day, as a holy thing unto the LORD.

27:24 In the year of the jubile the field shall return unto him of
whom it was bought, even to him to whom the possession of the land did
belong.

27:25 And all thy estimations shall be according to the shekel of the
sanctuary: twenty gerahs shall be the shekel.

27:26 Only the firstling of the beasts, which should be the LORD's
firstling, no man shall sanctify it; whether it be ox, or sheep: it is
the LORD's.

27:27 And if it be of an unclean beast, then he shall redeem it
according to thine estimation, and shall add a fifth part of it
thereto: or if it be not redeemed, then it shall be sold according to
thy estimation.

27:28 Notwithstanding no devoted thing, that a man shall devote unto
the LORD of all that he hath, both of man and beast, and of the field
$FG$
$IV,1$----12/01/13 02:24:44----$IV,0$

There are 7 billion people.  If you had computer monitors 1000x1000 pixs, there would be a million pixs on each monitor.  If you lined-up 7000 monitors, you would be one pix.

Am I special, like Jesus Christ was special?

This is a trick question.  The obvious answer would be "of course not", but if we are the center of our own reality, it's okay.  The movie, The Matrix, had something.

I took philosophy courses.  They suggested there might be a actual material world and then a world of illusions (ideas) that each of us sees.

Perhaps, God bends our reality so each of us is special in our own reality.

Where does that leave us.  Every day I fight hard against the same doubters and evil fucks.  The enemy burtalizes me, psychologically -- he is vicious and aggressive.  He tries to hurt me deeply very viciously, all the time.  I get stupid and forget how evil he is.  Don't take your eye off of him -- the enemy just pretends.  He is filled with hate, for some reason, a pathetic slave to hate.  A little fucken patriotic queen loving knight in white satin... then the CIA, prolly just corrupt brutes.

They are not smart.

God says...
$FG,4$3:1 After these things did king Ahasuerus promote Haman the son of
Hammedatha the Agagite, and advanced him, and set his seat above all
the princes that were with him.

3:2 And all the king's servants, that were in the king's gate, bowed,
and reverenced Haman: for the king had so commanded concerning him.
But Mordecai bowed not, nor did him reverence.

3:3 Then the king's servants, which were in the king's gate, said unto
Mordecai, Why transgressest thou the king's commandment?  3:4 Now it
came to pass, when they spake daily unto him, and he hearkened not
unto them, that they told Haman, to see whether Mordecai's matters
would stand: for he had told them that he was a Jew.

3:5 And when Haman saw that Mordecai bowed not, nor did him reverence,
then was Haman full of wrath.

3:6 And he thought scorn to lay hands on Mordecai alone; for they had
shewed him the people of Mordecai: wherefore Haman sought to destroy
all the Jews that were throughout the whole kingdom of Ahasuerus, even
$FG$
$IV,1$----12/01/13 02:41:26----$IV,0$

The enemy is worried about drones.

I made God's temple.

I'm going to wait to see what happens.

God says...
$FG,4$28:15 Even the weight for the candlesticks of gold, and for their
lamps of gold, by weight for every candlestick, and for the lamps
thereof: and for the candlesticks of silver by weight, both for the
candlestick, and also for the lamps thereof, according to the use of
every candlestick.

28:16 And by weight he gave gold for the tables of shewbread, for
every table; and likewise silver for the tables of silver: 28:17 Also
pure gold for the fleshhooks, and the bowls, and the cups: and for the
golden basons he gave gold by weight for every bason; and likewise
silver by weight for every bason of silver: 28:18 And for the altar of
incense refined gold by weight; and gold for the pattern of the
chariot of the cherubims, that spread out their wings, and covered the
ark of the covenant of the LORD.

28:19 All this, said David, the LORD made me understand in writing by
his hand upon me, even all the works of this pattern.

28:20 And David said to Solomon his son, Be strong and of good
courage, and do it: fear not, nor be dismayed: for the LORD God, even

$FG$It's going to have to be like exodus.  Perhaps, God could talk and convince them.  Why wouldn't they obey God?  They think God is not the highest God.  God will have to do something.  When He does these random numbers, it's impressive.  The enemy is a nigger and has no idea.  Sigh.  The psychologists think the brain can do 400Mhz, no problem.  No clue.

The enemy is like the black woman who sued for a trillion dollars.  Clueless.

$IV,1$----12/01/13 02:56:17----$IV,0$

I'm normal, sexual orientation, with the richness that implies under honest psychology, not lies.  I'm no fool.  Is everyone in India a deviant because they marry 13-year-olds?

Some guys look like women.  I'm a prisoner of war and the psy-ops try to torture me.

I'm normal.  I have nothing to be ashamed of.  God said I had "chump change lust sins".

For some combination of reasons, I'm basically impotent, maybe a few seconds of stand when haven't had meds for a while.  Meds.  I'll let God sort out who to punish.  God is perfectly just.  The evil doctors do eugenics.  The meds cause side effects when you stop taking them, like blurry vision.  Evil wicked fuckers and they taunt you if you are not fond of the meds.  It's like sucking dick.  They want you to beg for the meds that poison you.  God is perfectly just.  I have been tacitly approvaling of eugenics.  Not me of course!  The hell is wrong with you, how fucked-up and ironic is that, 145 IQ!

God says...
$FG,4$heard, go forth, and are choked with cares and riches and pleasures of
this life, and bring no fruit to perfection.

8:15 But that on the good ground are they, which in an honest and good
heart, having heard the word, keep it, and bring forth fruit with
patience.

8:16 No man, when he hath lighted a candle, covereth it with a vessel,
or putteth it under a bed; but setteth it on a candlestick, that they
which enter in may see the light.

8:17 For nothing is secret, that shall not be made manifest; neither
any thing hid, that shall not be known and come abroad.

8:18 Take heed therefore how ye hear: for whosoever hath, to him shall
be given; and whosoever hath not, from him shall be taken even that
which he seemeth to have.

8:19 Then came to him his mother and his brethren, and could not come
at him for the press.

$FG$Pleasures and pains probably balance.  I'm use to no orgasm.
$FG,2$
22:28 Therefore in the resurrection whose wife shall she be of the
seven?  for they all had her.

22:29 Jesus answered and said unto them, Ye do err, not knowing the
scriptures, nor the power of God.

22:30 For in the resurrection they neither marry, nor are given in
marriage, but are as the angels of God in heaven.

22:31 But as touching the resurrection of the dead, have ye not read
that which was spoken unto you by God, saying, 22:32 I am the God of
Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob?  God is not the
God of the dead, but of the living.$FG$

They abuse me if I don't masturbate.  It would be ten times worse if I did masturbate.  It's no win.  They just want to grieve me.  Duh!  Psy-op torturers.

Just ignore what torturers say.

If some little FBI agent kid is staring at your crotch, this creates a sexual situation.  When you create a sexual situation, your brain waves go nuts.  What do you think?  If you don't know it's the FBI, you might not react, but if you know it's the FBI staring at your crotch and seeing if you get nervous, you get nervous.

God is perfectly just.

God says...
$FG,4$eyes of one that was born blind.

9:33 If this man were not of God, he could do nothing.

9:34 They answered and said unto him, Thou wast altogether born in
sins, and dost thou teach us? And they cast him out.

9:35 Jesus heard that they had cast him out; and when he had found
him, he said unto him, Dost thou believe on the Son of God?  9:36 He
answered and said, Who is he, Lord, that I might believe on him?  9:37
And Jesus said unto him, Thou hast both seen him, and it is he that
talketh with thee.

9:38 And he said, Lord, I believe. And he worshipped him.

9:39 And Jesus said, For judgment I am come into this world, that they
which see not might see; and that they which see might be made blind.

9:40 And some of the Pharisees which were with him heard these words,
and said unto him, Are we blind also?  9:41 Jesus said unto them, If
$FG$
$IV,1$----12/01/13 03:32:26----$IV,0$

This is like GITMO or something -- known Obama for a while, in the spirit or something.

Talk to him?  Shit, hasn't he been listening all this time?  I guess he has to sleep and run the country and stuff so probably hasn't been listening all these years, LOL.  He knows there's a God.  He's just been magnanimous and patronizing the clueless sheep in his party.  He's listened and heard God talk all these years, LOL.  Ten years, same-old-shit.  Now it's real.  No, now, it's real.  No, now it's real.  Lots of practice.

God says...
$FG,4$46:27 But fear not thou, O my servant Jacob, and be not dismayed, O
Israel: for, behold, I will save thee from afar off, and thy seed from
the land of their captivity; and Jacob shall return, and be in rest
and at ease, and none shall make him afraid.

46:28 Fear thou not, O Jacob my servant, saith the LORD: for I am with
thee; for I will make a full end of all the nations whither I have
driven thee: but I will not make a full end of thee, but correct thee
in measure; yet will I not leave thee wholly unpunished.

47:1 The word of the LORD that came to Jeremiah the prophet against
the Philistines, before that Pharaoh smote Gaza.

47:2 Thus saith the LORD; Behold, waters rise up out of the north, and
shall be an overflowing flood, and shall overflow the land, and all
that is therein; the city, and them that dwell therein: then the men
shall cry, and all the inhabitants of the land shall howl.

47:3 At the noise of the stamping of the hoofs of his strong horses,$FG$

Psy-op torturers want to talk about masturbation.

I fuck with people with tissue and stuff.  No guilt.

You niggers know you're going to get punished.

God says...
$FG,4$4:36 Out of heaven he made thee to hear his voice, that he might
instruct thee: and upon earth he shewed thee his great fire; and thou
heardest his words out of the midst of the fire.

4:37 And because he loved thy fathers, therefore he chose their seed
after them, and brought thee out in his sight with his mighty power
out of Egypt; 4:38 To drive out nations from before thee greater and
mightier than thou art, to bring thee in, to give thee their land for
an inheritance, as it is this day.

4:39 Know therefore this day, and consider it in thine heart, that the
LORD he is God in heaven above, and upon the earth beneath: there is
none else.

4:40 Thou shalt keep therefore his statutes, and his commandments,
which I command thee this day, that it may go well with thee, and with
thy children after thee, and that thou mayest prolong thy days upon
the earth, which the LORD thy God giveth thee, for ever.

4:41 Then Moses severed three cities on this side Jordan toward the
$FG$
$IV,1$----12/01/13 03:52:24----$IV,0$

Stoopit fucks make smells at the store.  psy-ops.

God exists.  Obviously, you're in denial, little Inida-nigger psy-op or some shit.

God says...
$FG,4$congregation, that they may stand there with thee.

11:17 And I will come down and talk with thee there: and I will take
of the spirit which is upon thee, and will put it upon them; and they
shall bear the burden of the people with thee, that thou bear it not
thyself alone.

11:18 And say thou unto the people, Sanctify yourselves against to
morrow, and ye shall eat flesh: for ye have wept in the ears of the
LORD, saying, Who shall give us flesh to eat? for it was well with us
in Egypt: therefore the LORD will give you flesh, and ye shall eat.

11:19 Ye shall not eat one day, nor two days, nor five days, neither
ten days, nor twenty days; 11:20 But even a whole month, until it come
out at your nostrils, and it be loathsome unto you: because that ye
have despised the LORD which is among you, and have wept before him,
saying, Why came we forth out of Egypt?  11:21 And Moses said, The
people, among whom I am, are six hundred thousand footmen; and thou
hast said, I will give them flesh, that they may eat a whole month.
$FG$
$IV,1$----12/01/13 04:02:00----$IV,0$

Obama's a homo.  He's in for grief from God.  Psy-ops are all homos.  Is an interior design person a homo?  Only a homo like talking about masturbation, fucken gets-off on personal details.


God says...
$FG,4$119:75 I know, O LORD, that thy judgments are right, and that thou in
faithfulness hast afflicted me.

119:76 Let, I pray thee, thy merciful kindness be for my comfort,
according to thy word unto thy servant.

119:77 Let thy tender mercies come unto me, that I may live: for thy
law is my delight.

119:78 Let the proud be ashamed; for they dealt perversely with me
without a cause: but I will meditate in thy precepts.

119:79 Let those that fear thee turn unto me, and those that have
known thy testimonies.

119:80 Let my heart be sound in thy statutes; that I be not ashamed.

119:81 My soul fainteth for thy salvation: but I hope in thy word.
$FG$
$IV,1$----12/01/13 04:12:09----$IV,0$

You might let a fat chick suck your dick.  That doesn't mean you like fat chicks.  In 1985, I tried to get a dog to lick my dick.  I don't like dogs.

I'd wager everybody's got things that embarassing.

God says...
$FG,4$Thirty milch camels with their colts, forty kine, and ten bulls,
twenty she asses, and ten foals.

32:16 And he delivered them into the hand of his servants, every drove
by themselves; and said unto his servants, Pass over before me, and
put a space betwixt drove and drove.

32:17 And he commanded the foremost, saying, When Esau my brother
meeteth thee, and asketh thee, saying, Whose art thou? and whither
goest thou? and whose are these before thee?  32:18 Then thou shalt
say, They be thy servant Jacob's; it is a present sent unto my lord
Esau: and, behold, also he is behind us.

32:19 And so commanded he the second, and the third, and all that
followed the droves, saying, On this manner shall ye speak unto Esau,
when ye find him.

32:20 And say ye moreover, Behold, thy servant Jacob is behind us. For
he said, I will appease him with the present that goeth before me, and
afterward I will see his face; peradventure he will accept of me.
$FG$
$IV,1$----12/01/13 04:20:51----$IV,0$

You know what's funny?  I'm right with God.

You guys are just starting to get right with God.

God says...
$FG,4$guide the house, give none occasion to the adversary to speak
reproachfully.

5:15 For some are already turned aside after Satan.

5:16 If any man or woman that believeth have widows, let them relieve
them, and let not the church be charged; that it may relieve them that
are widows indeed.

5:17 Let the elders that rule well be counted worthy of double honour,
especially they who labour in the word and doctrine.

5:18 For the scripture saith, Thou shalt not muzzle the ox that
treadeth out the corn. And, The labourer is worthy of his reward.

5:19 Against an elder receive not an accusation, but before two or
three witnesses.

5:20 Them that sin rebuke before all, that others also may fear.
$FG$
$IV,1$----12/01/13 04:40:36----$IV,0$

Key logger?  Cute.  That's funny, looked like a keyboard polling routine to me.

You are talking in God's presense.  You hope to criminalize programming?  Make everybody do web design.  Take away guns.  And everybody can have homosexual sexs to relieve our ainxst from doing interior design and psychology all day.


Memory is identity mapped.  You do not run PE files.

God says...
$FG,4$water with astonishment, that her land may be desolate from all that
is therein, because of the violence of all them that dwell therein.

12:20 And the cities that are inhabited shall be laid waste, and the
land shall be desolate; and ye shall know that I am the LORD.

12:21 And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 12:22 Son of man,
what is that proverb that ye have in the land of Israel, saying, The
days are prolonged, and every vision faileth?  12:23 Tell them
therefore, Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will make this proverb to cease,
and they shall no more use it as a proverb in Israel; but say unto
them, The days are at hand, and the effect of every vision.

12:24 For there shall be no more any vain vision nor flattering
divination within the house of Israel.

12:25 For I am the LORD: I will speak, and the word that I shall speak
shall come to pass; it shall be no more prolonged: for in your days, O
rebellious house, will I say the word, and will perform it, saith the
Lord GOD.
$FG$

Men are from Mars, women are from venus.  A Greek story said an imposter in a harem was unmasked by having a banquet and putting food on one table and weapons on another.

I think Obama needs better psychologists because his are really really retarded.  They haven't a clue what masculinity means.  Obama's a faggot.

God says...
$FG,4$which worketh all in all.

12:7 But the manifestation of the Spirit is given to every man to
profit withal.

12:8 For to one is given by the Spirit the word of wisdom; to another
the word of knowledge by the same Spirit; 12:9 To another faith by the
same Spirit; to another the gifts of healing by the same Spirit; 12:10
To another the working of miracles; to another prophecy; to another
discerning of spirits; to another divers kinds of tongues; to another
the interpretation of tongues: 12:11 But all these worketh that one
and the selfsame Spirit, dividing to every man severally as he will.

12:12 For as the body is one, and hath many members, and all the
members of that one body, being many, are one body: so also is Christ.

12:13 For by one Spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we
be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free; and have been all
made to drink into one Spirit.
$FG$
$IV,1$----12/01/13 05:10:56----$IV,0$

<chuckle>  God the Father watching me fight day after day.

I didn't see the Odin/Thor thing.

Oh, well.

What the fuck is their malfunction, trying to hurt me?

I'm trying to promote God's Temple, my operating system.  I'm not tryin to hurt anybody.

Why do people like to mention embarassing stuff about me?

God says...
$FG,4$Egypt.

23:20 For she doted upon their paramours, whose flesh is as the flesh
of asses, and whose issue is like the issue of horses.

23:21 Thus thou calledst to remembrance the lewdness of thy youth, in
bruising thy teats by the Egyptians for the paps of thy youth.

23:22 Therefore, O Aholibah, thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will
raise up thy lovers against thee, from whom thy mind is alienated, and
I will bring them against thee on every side; 23:23 The Babylonians,
and all the Chaldeans, Pekod, and Shoa, and Koa, and all the Assyrians
with them: all of them desirable young men, captains and rulers, great
lords and renowned, all of them riding upon horses.

23:24 And they shall come against thee with chariots, wagons, and
wheels, and with an assembly of people, which shall set against thee
buckler and shield and helmet round about: and I will set judgment
before them, and they shall judge thee according to their judgments.

$FG$Not me.

But, I remember inner tubes and swimming, LOL.

God says...
$FG,4$26:43 The land also shall be left of them, and shall enjoy her
sabbaths, while she lieth desolate without them: and they shall accept
of the punishment of their iniquity: because, even because they
despised my judgments, and because their soul abhorred my statutes.

26:44 And yet for all that, when they be in the land of their enemies,
I will not cast them away, neither will I abhor them, to destroy them
utterly, and to break my covenant with them: for I am the LORD their
God.

26:45 But I will for their sakes remember the covenant of their
ancestors, whom I brought forth out of the land of Egypt in the sight
of the heathen, that I might be their God: I am the LORD.

26:46 These are the statutes and judgments and laws, which the LORD
made between him and the children of Israel in mount Sinai by the hand
of Moses.

27:1 And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 27:2 Speak unto the
children of Israel, and say unto them, When a man shall make a

$FG$Extortion seems Jewish.  I think homos like extortion -- it's not manly, it's womanly.  Jews are fierce in ways that are ugly.  A lawyer might set a trap.  "Gothcha"  Tricky and scheming, I guess. Sometimes, God is entertained, but perhaps, justice richochets and they don't finish ahead, but God is entertained.

$IV,1$----12/01/13 05:33:55----$IV,0$

I like Zuckerberg.  If I say more, it will get negative.

What's God think?  Zuckerberg's had lots of public shaming.  Chump change by my standards, LOL.

God says...
$FG,4$and lay the wood in order upon the fire: 1:8 And the priests, Aaron's
sons, shall lay the parts, the head, and the fat, in order upon the
wood that is on the fire which is upon the altar: 1:9 But his inwards
and his legs shall he wash in water: and the priest shall burn all on
the altar, to be a burnt sacrifice, an offering made by fire, of a
sweet savour unto the LORD.

1:10 And if his offering be of the flocks, namely, of the sheep, or of
the goats, for a burnt sacrifice; he shall bring it a male without
blemish.

1:11 And he shall kill it on the side of the altar northward before
the LORD: and the priests, Aaron's sons, shall sprinkle his blood
round about upon the altar.

1:12 And he shall cut it into his pieces, with his head and his fat:
and the priest shall lay them in order on the wood that is on the fire
which is upon the altar: 1:13 But he shall wash the inwards and the
legs with water: and the priest shall bring it all, and burn it upon
the altar: it is a burnt sacrifice, an offering made by fire, of a
$FG$
Zuckerberg kills his meat, himself.  That's a sign of higher being in my book -- he has a conscience that is very important to him.

I know what!  Kolberg stages of morality.  The lowest people worry about reward and punishment... higher ones, you can imagine.

Then, there are a lot of hipstirs with ideas.  I guess that's good.

I'm not really a liberal.  I don't like hipstirs who seek Buddism and Zen.

Apple people are not conservative, probably.

God says...
$FG,4$

The First Book of the Kings

Commonly Called:

The Third Book of the Kings


1:1 Now king David was old and stricken in years; and they covered
him with clothes, but he gat no heat.

1:2 Wherefore his servants said unto him, Let there be sought for my
lord the king a young virgin: and let her stand before the king, and
let her cherish him, and let her lie in thy bosom, that my lord the
king may get heat.

1:3 So they sought for a fair damsel throughout all the coasts of
Israel, and found Abishag a Shunammite, and brought her to the king.

$FG$heh.








